feat: add networkVisibility control for API server load balancer (#532)
oracle/cluster-api-provider-oci: docs/src/networking/private-cluster.md

> Note: This section has to be used only if the CAPOCI manages the workload cluster VCN. If externally managed VCN is
> used, this section is not applicable.

## Using networkVisibility (recommended)

CAPOCI exposes an explicit `spec.networkSpec.apiServerLoadBalancer.networkVisibility` switch that controls whether the API server load balancer is public or private. The field defaults to `Inherited`, which preserves the historical behaviour of deriving visibility from the control-plane-endpoint subnet.

| Value      | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| `Private`  | Forces creation of a private load balancer reachable only within the VCN or peered VCNs. |

> | `Public`   | Forces creation of a public load balancer with a public IP address. |

Reviewer: Maybe not "forces" here 

> Creates a private load balancer reachable only within the VCN or peered VCNs.
> Creates a public load balancer with a public IP address.

Author: Changed in docs

| `Inherited` (default) | Matches the control-plane-endpoint subnet type, maintaining backwards compatibility. |

> The webhook rejects `networkVisibility: Public` when any control-plane-endpoint subnet is marked `type: private`, because OCI does not allow attaching a public load balancer to a private subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: The webhook rejects `networkVisibility: Public` when any control-plane-endpoint subnet is marked `type: private`, because OCI does not allow attaching a public load balancer to a private subnet.
```

it just makes it stand out more in the book.

Author: Added note format

```yaml
spec:
  compartmentId: "${OCI_COMPARTMENT_ID}"
  networkSpec:
    apiServerLoadBalancer:
      networkVisibility: Private
```

> A ready-to-use example is provided in `templates/cluster-template-private.yaml`, which is a copy of the default template with the field set to `Private`.

Reviewer: modify this to be the local peering template after updating it to use the new `networkVisibility` field.

Author: Resolved

> Note: This section has to be used only if the CAPOCI manages the workload cluster VCN. If externally managed VCN is
> used, this section is not applicable.

> ## Using networkVisibility (recommended)

Reviewer: Lets set this header name back to  `Example Spec for private cluster` since there is a second down lower called `Using subnet type`. Lets set that as a sub section
`### Using subnet type (legacy approach)`

And we can add a new section here `### Using networkVisibility (recommended)`

so it would be 

```
## Example Spec for private cluster

### Using networkVisibility (recommended)
...
...
...
### Using subnet type (legacy approach)
...
...
...
```

Author: Done : ## Example Spec for private cluster is the top section with  ### Using networkVisibility ) and ### Using subnet type as subsections

> CAPOCI exposes an explicit `spec.networkSpec.apiServerLoadBalancer.networkVisibility` switch that controls whether the API server load balancer is public or private. The field defaults to `Inherited`, which preserves the historical behaviour of deriving visibility from the control-plane-endpoint subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAPOCI v0.25.0+ exposes `spec.networkSpec.apiServerLoadBalancer.networkVisibility` to control API server load balancer visibility (public or private). The default `Inherited` value preserves the legacy behavior of inferring visibility from the control plane endpoint subnet.
```

| Value      | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| `Private`  | Creates a private load balancer reachable only within the VCN or peered VCNs. |
| `Public`   | Creates a public load balancer with a public IP address. |

> | `Inherited` (default) | Matches the control-plane-endpoint subnet type, maintaining backwards compatibility. |

Reviewer: Lets move `Inherited` to the top of the list

Author: Done, Inherited is now the first row in the table.

          type: private
```

> When using the legacy approach, ensure the control-plane-endpoint subnet is marked `type: private` so the API server address stays internal.

Reviewer: Wouldn't legacy approached be `Inherited?`

Author: Updated to reflect legacy as Inherited.
